3.3 Accordingly, the online first appeal stands disposed of.”
Aggrieved and dissatisfied, the Appellant approached the Commission with the
instant Second Appeal.
Facts emerging in Course of Hearing:
A written submission dated 25.03.2025 has been received from the Appellant
contending that denial of the aforementioned information has deprived him of his
legitimate right being “SC” Executive.
Written submission dated 30.07.2025 has also been received from the PIO, AAI
reiterating the aforementioned facts about the PIO’s reply and the FAA’s order.
Hearing was scheduled after giving prior notice to both the parties.
Appellant: Represented by Shri Narayan Chandra Parida
Respondent: Shri S Suriyanarayanan – PIO/ Joint General Manager was present
during hearing.
The Appellant’s representative simply reiterated the query as mentioned in the RTI
Application. He was unable to state anything further to narrate anything beyond the
same.
The Respondent reiterated from the PIO’s reply, FAA’s order and placed reliance on
the written submission dated 30.07.2025 mentioned hereinabove to substantiate the
fact that response had been duly sent to the Appellant. He maintained that in the
absence of any specific query, no further information could be provided to the
Appellant. He added that policy with respect to filling up of vacancies is available in
public domain.
Decision:
Upon perusal of records of the case and after hearing submissions of both parties, it
is evident that appropriate reply based on records available with the public authority
had been duly sent by the PIO, in terms of the provisions of the RTI Act.
The Commission hereby directs the PIO to send a copy of the written
submission dated 30.07.2025, to the Appellant, within two weeks of receipt of this
order. The Respondent shall also submit a compliance report in this regard before the
Commission, within one week thereafter. No further intervention is warranted in this
case, under the RTI Act.
The appeal is disposed off accordingly.
Heeralal Samariya (हीरालाल सामररया)
Chief Information Commissioner (मख्ु य सचू ना आयक्तु )
Authenticated true copy
(अनिप्रमानणत सत्यानपत प्रनत)
S. K. Chitkara (एस. के. नचटकारा)
Dy. Registrar (उप-पंजीयक)/011-26186535
Page 2 of 2
2 / 3