“3.1 मामले को िेखन ेके बाि, यह पाया गया ह ैदक सीपीआईओ / श्री नगरीश कुमार, महाप्रबंधक (मा.
सं.) ने अपीलकता गको पत्र संख्या DC-60012 (11)/3/2023-HR/208, dated 18.06.2024 के
माध्यम से उत्तर प्रिान दकया है, परंतु अपीलकता गसंतुष्ट नहीं ह।ै
3. सीपीआईओ /जीएम (एचआर) श्री नगरीश कुमार को सलाह िी जाती ह ैदक वे इस आिेश की प्रानि की
तारीख से 15 दिनों के भीतर पुनर्वगचार करें और अपीलकता गको उनचत जानकारी/उत्तर प्रिान करें। तिनुसार,
ऑनलाइन माध्यम म ेंप्राि अपील दिनांक 27.06.2024 को ननस्ताररत दकया जाता ह।ै”
Pursuant to the FAA’s order, the PIO sent a reply dated 22.07.2024 stating that
previous decision has been reconsidered and it has been found that accurate reply
with respect to RTI dated 28.05.2024 has been given to applicant. Thus, no
information was provided to the applicant despite FAA’s order.
Aggrieved and dissatisfied, the Appellant approached the Commission with the
instant Second Appeal citing the Delhi High Court’s decision in the case of Bhagat
Singh vs. CIC & [WP(C) No. 3114/2007] opposing the denial of information by the
Respondent on the ground of pendency of inquiry proceedings.
Facts emerging in Course of Hearing:
A written submission dated 12.08.2025 has been received from the CPIO, AAO
reiterating the aforementioned facts and also adding the background about the penal
action against the Appellant for allegedly submitting fake job experience certificate
during his direct recruitment.
Hearing was scheduled after giving prior notice to both the parties.
Appellant: Present through video conference
Respondent: Shri Girish Kumar – PIO/General Manager, HR, AAI was present during
hearing.
The Appellant stated that he had been wrongfully denied access to information
pertaining to his own proceedings stating that it contains personal information.
The Respondent contended that chargesheet pertaining to the Appellant’s case has
been provided to him, but the file notings sought by him contains comments and
signature, designation etc. of various officials and hence the information had been
denied to the Appellant in order to protect the privacy of the officials concerned.
Decision:
After perusal of records and hearing the averments of the parties, the Respondent –
PIO, AAI is hereby directed to revisit the queries raised by the Appellant and furnish
him “file notings signed between the date 06/November/2023 and 10/May/2024”
sought by him, upon redacting the names and particulars of the officials which can
be termed as personal information or linked backed to any individual thereby
ensuring that information which is expressly barred under Section 8 or 9 of the RTI
Act is severed from the file notings under provisions of Section 10 of the RTI Act,
while disclosing the information sought by the Appellant. The reply shall be sent to
the Appellant within three weeks of receipt of this order and a compliance report
Page 2 of 3
2 / 4