On perusal of the relevant case record, it was noted by the Commission that
proper reply was not provided to the appellant as the respondent stated in his reply
that no recorded information is available which is deplorable for which the then
respondent PIO, Shri H.S. Rawat, Assistant General Manager, HR needs to be
issued a warning.
The then respondent PIO, Shri H.S. Rawat, Assistant General Manager, HR
is issued warning that full, final and comprehensive reply to an RTI application
should have been provided within the time period as stipulated under the RTI Act
and he should ensure that in future in every case reply to an RTI application is
invariably provided within 30 days of receipt of the said application.
The respondent CPIO should note that in future if the same mistake is
noticed by the Commission, more stringent action can be taken against him by the
Commission.
The present respondent CPIO is directed to serve a copy of this warning to
the then CPIO and a copy of the service of the above said warning be submitted to
the Commission within 10 days of the receipt of the order.
The Commission also observed that proper reply was not provided to the
appellant on all the points of the RTI application. On point nos. 1 & 2 of the stated
RTI application, complete information in whatever shape available on record with
the respondent authority should be provided to the appellant. However, if no such
records are available, the respondent is directed to file an affidavit in this regard.
On point no. 3 of the above stated RTI application, details of the relevant hyperlink
of the concerned website should be provided to the appellant.
Be that as it may, since no desired information was provided to the appellant
in the present case in respect of some points contained in the stated RTI
application, the respondent CPIO is directed to provide revised point wise reply as
discussed during the hearing complete in all respects to the appellant as available
on record in the form of certified true copies of the documents sought e.g. note
4