Dissatisfied with the non-receipt of information from the CPIO, the Appellant filed a
First Appeal dated 24.05.2024 which was not adjudicated by the FAA as per available
records.
Aggrieved and dissatisfied, the Appellant approached the Commission with the
instant Second Appeal.
Facts emerging in Course of Hearing:
A written submission has been received from CPIO stating that the then CPIO,
AGM(HR), AAI had responded to the Appellant stating that the case is still into
process and that the Appellant will be informed as soon as the committee finalises the
decision of the case. The Respondent has also submitted a copy of the FAA’s order
dated 21.07.2025 which reveals that the proceedings into the case referred in the RTI
application has now been concluded and a copy of the report provided to the
Appellant herein on 21.07.2025.
Hearing was scheduled after giving prior notice to both the parties.
Appellant: Not present
Respondent: Smt. Jyoti Chhabra – JGM(HR) and Gladys Denson – Manager(Cargo),
AAI were present during hearing.
The Respondent reiterated the PIO’s reply and added that the final report in this case
had been placed reliance on the written submission and stated that a copy of the final
report has been duly provided to the Appellant vide email dated 21.07.2025, copy
whereof has been duly placed on record.
Decision:
Upon perusal of records of the case and after hearing the averments of both parties, it
is evident that information available on records and as defined under Section 2(f) of
the RTI Act has been duly sent by the Respondent, in terms of the provisions of the
Act.
The Respondent claims to have already sent a copy of the report to the
Appellant. Since appropriate response including the report of the investigation
against the Appellant, has been duly sent to him, action in consonance with the
provisions of the RTI Act has been duly completed. The Appellant is not present to
buttress the case. Hence, no further intervention is warranted in this case, under the
Act.
The appeal is disposed off accordingly.
Heeralal Samariya (हीरालाल सामररया)
Chief Information Commissioner (मख्ु य सचू ना आयक्तु )
Authenticated true copy
(अनिप्रमानणत सत्यानपत प्रनत)
S. K. Chitkara (एस. के. नचटकारा)
Dy. Registrar (उप-पंजीयक)
011-26186535
Page 2 of 2
2 / 3