Shri Ashok Kapoor, Public Information Officer, Airports Authority of India, Kishangarh Airport, Ajmer, Rajasthan vide letter dated 19. 10.2020, enclosed 0 letter wherein para wise reply informed to the Appellant as underः

AE Per tender dacuments eligibillic  Criteria Df bidder awardee should have 2 rear of experience at any airport Authoric y taken experience certificate from the biaider Awardee? if res kindl provide the same. Due5

Other eligibilit y/ criteria of bidder awardee having ownership of 5 Alc car Or having acquired the same through hire purchase lease basis have authority checked the vehicles documents or hire purchase agreement ? If Yes pllease provide the rEle ant dacumments

Other eligibilit  criteria Df bidder awartee having car shDuldl not be more than 3 rear Dlc, At the time तf allntment Autharit Plecked the vehicles pliasicall  arE 5JIIE aE Jarumentg subiitted.

- CWafulec submitted Lllafacier verirication CPrfificate fram police station? If ves kindl y share thE 5aIE

This information sought by applicant are related to third part ie. awardee and thne thirdl part has tenied to disclose the informations / dacumments to anw other one IHence, the information sought bvvOuLan not bbe disclosed in term of section BlZlidi of RTI Act 2075.

This inforration sought bY applicant are related to third party ie awardee and the third part " has cleried to disclose the informations / dlocumants to ans other Dne. Hence the intarmation sDught bi NDU Can not be clisclosedl in term of sectiDn Billld|of RTI At 2DD5.

This informmatiDn SOUEIt is hvpotheticalin nature Ahich is Out Df the purview Of the RTI Act 20D5 HaAever , the award nas bEZn Iade after fulfilling all the recuirec Jualifications bw Ine PgenEY

This information soughr is hrpotheriral In naturP Howe rer, the award has been made afler fulfilling all tl1e required qualifications Ly the Agency

Awardee subimitted the willingiess Lertificale This irnfiorrmattiDri sDughat Is hpothetical in nature before authorit as per Sh RK Heena Asstt wlricht Is Dut of the purvie of the RTI Act 2OU5. Gil El omi Letter cated  lB.DS ZZZD? if"es However, the awart has been made after fulfilling in tluat case Commercial Circular no. 24 2020 ICL- all the required qualifications Dl thne Agencywili be applicable Or not for awardee ?

5

4 Does Authority issue outlet rental bill for the manth of August ZD207 If ves please provide the cDp Df the Lill-

IF any deficiency in above, in that case how authorit  has finalized to the current awardee ?

This infarimation soueht is hupotnetical in nature which is DUt Df the purview of the RTI AEt 20D5 However, the award has been made after fulfillirg all the required cualifications by the Agenc  .

This iniormation sought is hupothetical in nature which is out of thne purieA Df the RTI Act 2JU5 However, the award has been made after fulfilling all the required qualifications Dy the Agenc  .