In view of the above, a Show Cause notice is issued to the then PIO, Shri
P.K. Asiwal, DGM(ES), CHQ., Airports Authority of India, New Delhi u/s 20 of
the RTI Act to explain the following:-
Why no reply to the RTI application dated 30.12.2016 was provided to the
appellant even after the same application was transferred u/s 6(3) of the RTI Act
by the Ministry of Civil Aviation on 17.01.2017.
The explanation to the above stated Show Cause notice is to be submitted to
the Commission by the respondent CPIO/PIO within 15 days of the receipt of this
order. The present respondent CPIO is to serve a copy of this order to the then
respondent CPIO under intimation to the Commission. On receipt of the
explanation to the said Show Cause notice, further action as deemed appropriate
will be taken.
The respondent CPIO should note that in the event of non-submission of the
explanation within the time stipulated above, the Commission has the liberty to
take the required decision ex-parte against the respondent CPIO/PIO.
The Commission also observed that the investigation report of the
complaint against Shri Kislay Garg as sought for in the above mentioned RTI
application is a third party information exempted under section 8(1)(j) of the RTI
Act. However, due procedure as stipulated section 11(1) as specified in the RTI
Act is to be followed before imparting the information.
The Commission therefore directs the concerned CPIO to issue notice u/s
11(1) of the RTI Act to the third party concerned within five days from the receipt
of this order, informing him of the Commission’s order and of the fact that the
respondent is directed to disclose the sought for information subject to his consent
and invite the third party to make submission in writing regarding whether the
sought for information should be disclosed to the appellant. The third party within
ten days from the date of receipt of such notice, shall inform the respondent
authority about his stand in the matter. In case the third party gives his consent, the
Page 3 of 7